<Open the Smallest Shader>
This is a shader made as small as possible. <Highlight CGPROGRAM blocks> Everything inside the CGPROGRAM blocks is written
in C for graphics, which is Nvidia's shader language. Everything outside this block is in Unity's ShaderLab syntax, which is specific to Unity.
Almost all of the concepts in Shaderlab correspond to features in other APIs.

So, to start at the top:
Shader "Custom/Smallest" declares the name of the shader in this file. If you go to choose a shader <Create material>, it'll appear in that path. <Give example>

The next is the SubShader block. Everything inside a subshader block represents a complete shader. If a subshader is incompatible on a certain machine,
the one below it will be used. If none are valid, the Fallback statement at the end will use subshaders from a different file.

Inside that is the Pass block. Each pass block renders the entire object once. Multiple passes are usually used for lighting, but can also be used for assorted visual effects.

Now we are in the CGPROGRAM block. hashtag lines are instructions to the compiler. For this, we're telling the compiler that we have a vertex function named "vert_img",
a fragment function named "frag", and we'll be using the library "UnityCG.cginc".

"UnityCG.cginc" defines the code for our vertex function vert_img, so we don't have to go over that yet.

our fragment function takes as input a struct named v2f_img. This is a stuct representing the data transferred from the vertex function to the fragment function, and is also defined 
in "UnityCG.cginc". It has a return type of fixed4, which represents a vector with 4 components. : SV_TARGET at the end marks the return value as being a color value.

Inside the function, we create a fixed4 vector representing the color red, and return it. All colors are in the zero to one range, so 000 is black and 111 is white. All colors also include an alpha component, even if the shader doesn't take it into account.

<Create material, and apply it>

<Change color, show difference, Change alpha, show no difference>

The reason alpha has no effect is because we haven't set up the ShaderLab code to perform alpha blending.


